nameOfTheCompany: "",
postalAddress: "",
country: "",
PINZIP: "",
website: "",
typeOfOrganization: "",
natureOfBusiness: "",
contactPerson: "",
designation: "",
emailAddress: "",
telephone: "",
mobile: "",
internshipProfile: "",
skillSetRequired: "",
tentativeNoOfInterns: "",
tentativeJobLocations: "",
stipendPerMonth: "",
accommodationProvided: "",
bonusPerksTravel: "",
accommodationProvided: "",
durationOfInternship: "",
eligibilityCriteria: "",
prePlacementTalk: "",
resumeShortlisting: "",
groupDiscussion: "",
modeOfTest: "",
typeOfTest: "",
aptitudeTest: "",
technicalTest: "",
typeOfInterview: "",
numberOfMembers : "",
numberOfRoomsRequired : "",
otherRequirements : "",
virtualDriveRequirements : "",
technicalInterview: {
    type: RoundSchema,
    required: true
},
hRInterview: {
    type: RoundSchema,
    required: true
},
eligibility: [
    {
        type: EligibilitySchema,
    },
],